try something different then you've been
trying if you have a regular I'm just
gonna do it quickly i'm gonna stay ready
then I'm gonna say go okay okay ready go
ready ready go I got involved with
coaching very reluctantly down in the
skate in the Grutter start so when the
whistle blows once you go up I was still
trying to figure out the balance between
my Derby life in mine on Derby lights
because it's in
be difficult so I started being an
assistant coach which was just kind of
if coach needed to break the group in
half and he did someone to help them on
a drill then I started doing that and
then what kind of happened was oops none
of the rule coaches are going to be here
deck can you run a practice and that's
where it's gone ladies AB some water and
then come on out for cross training I
like teaching and coaching is a lot like
that you know you plan your practice you
play in your curriculum all right guys
listen up we're gonna do the same
circuit as last time with some small
modifications will go for about 20
minutes so first thing is the school
swing squats swing squats I'm still I'm
still new I'm not a team skater yet um
so I mean there are some people who've
been involved with you know this league
or other leagues four years and for me
it's just been since July whoever was
like the last crop of new girls to come
on our league that's fresh meat they
kind of go through hazing period yeah um
nothing too severe yeah I started doing
this with with a friend of mine who's
now called Xena paradox I think when I
first told my dad I was doing roller
derby he took his glasses and he was
like excuse me it was really funny but
he came to watch a scrimmage but he was
a little bit too freaked out by watching
me you know get hit or hitting people um
he thought I was gonna get hurt there's
actually there's a girl on our league
who's under five feet tall I was like
crouched and I was kind of crouched down
a little bit and I was like sticking my
butt at and I remember seeing her head
at the level of my butt and I was like
hmm that's gonna really funny you know I
don't feel like I'm in some intimidating
but i think that other people are
because i'm i'm probably the largest
girl currently on the league and i think
that i am going to get more into
knitting as i get better one whistle
pause and then too because it's the pack
goes first and then the jam ago so sorry
that's right he's learning people speed
skater not okay people didn't grow up
playing roller derby so you can't do you
can't expect people to come in and just
know so you can't set expectations of
you need to know how to hit this way you
need to know how to give a whip this way
and you need to have this track
awareness like you can if you were this
was a basketball league for example I
was so tired when I came home from work
I was like my good sleep but then you
come to practice and you're like exactly
sunday night scrimmages are a lot of fun
because it really helps to create unity
within the league because like you get a
chance to play with the girls on other
teams that you don't typically get to
play with we have our manager on the
sidelines full in the whistles for us
and yelling at us when we have penalties
hey Jim two pussies jam and corners
pivot in some jerky outside Anna back
seven and can't be fouling them if it's
I don't know I didn't sell her he didn't
color choice when we cut the track which
damn a little with that and was Decker
yeah I was excited crida I shouldn't
wear my pants
we tell all the skaters when we repeat
that it's not a matter of if you get in
here that's just a matter of when
everybody gets hurt I have a hip bruise
that's from yesterday just fall all
night yesterday plus I pulled my femur a
few weeks ago that's been like all I
wack jerkin all of my mouth girl is like
full of luck Vanessa need your mouth is
full of life I haven't had anything like
to severe my thing is fun concussions
she jokes to me that I'm gonna be brain
dead by the time when I'm 29 and she's
gonna have to be pushing me in a
wheelchair you're getting hit you're
gonna get bruised and we wear those boos
is probably we're not playing badminton
we're playing sport what girls knocked
the shit out of each other during the
second period of the November bout um I
definitely just I got a fellow in a very
awkward way it was very like Michael
Jackson my leg my legs were still
underneath me but my back hit the ground
and I have two torn and bulging discs in
my lower back that I've been playing
with for a year and a half about so I i
finished the game and you know i just
food I just remember sitting down I
played the second flash Jim and I came
and I sat down on the bench and just
kind of like leaned over a little bit
and that was it I wasn't gonna move
again I was convinced that's where i was
going to be the rest of my living days
if you have some kind of severe injury
you go to a doctor where they're going
to say stop under me which I find it be
bullshit because what did they tell
professional athletes if they get hurt
you know um so I always take it with a
grain of salt and I say thank you for
your hope thank you for your
recommendation but no I'm going to
continue playing and I'm gonna do it my
way but they all hate me doctors hate me
because I'm stubborn I don't want to
listen to them one two three